---
title: 'What&#8217;s new on : HP 6828 Rom 1.01.03'
author: Noppanit Charassinvichai
layout: post
permalink: /whats-new-hp-6828-rom-10103/
dsq_thread_id:
  - 243612835
categories:
  - PPC
---
<p align="left">
  <strong>ROM version 1.01.03 </strong>
</p>

<table style="height: 100%" align="left" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" width="100%">
  <tr>
    <td>
      <font class="bold"><strong>Fixes</strong> </font>
    </td>
  </tr>
  
  <tr>
    <td colspan="2">
      <ul>
        <li>
          Corrects issue where the Auto Configurator detects the correct SIM card operator code, but displays the wrong country and network name.
        </li>
        <li>
          Corrects issue where the caller can hear his or her own voice when using the wired headset to make a phone call.
        </li>
        <li>
          Corrects issue where the Device Lock does not work when the FM radio application is running.
        </li>
        <li>
          Corrects issue where there is a faint buzzing sound on the iPAQ Multimedia Messenger when both the headset and the iPAQ Multimedia Messenger are set to the maximum volume.
        </li>
        <li>
          Corrects issue where the iPAQ Multimedia Messenger touchscreen fails to work and then does not work until a soft-reset is performed.
        </li>
        <li>
          Removes the Wi-Fi utility from the HP iPAQ rw6818 Multimedia Messenger because this model does not offer Wi-Fi functionality.
        </li>
        <li>
          Corrects issue where a call is connected using the wired headset and the Phone application stops responding when the headset is removed from the iPAQ Multimedia Messenger.
        </li>
        <li>
          Corrects issue where distortion can be heard after ending a call and then playing music.
        </li>
        <li>
          Corrects issue where the phone module takes a long time to become operational.
        </li>
        <li>
          Corrects issue where the HP Photosmart Mobile Software Help file is in the Traditional Chinese language and is displayed on the WWE as unreadable characters.
        </li>
        <li>
          Corrects issue where the Messaging bar on the Today Screen is not refreshed after receiving a new MMS.
        </li>
        <li>
          Corrects issue where the file system is unresponsive when renaming file folders.
        </li>
        <li>
          Corrects issue where the Photosmart Picture preview may display a split screen after a picture is taken.
        </li>
        <li>
          Corrects issue where power dissipates quickly when the dummy mini-SD card is installed in the iPAQ Multimedia Messenger.
        </li>
        <li>
          Corrects issue where the speakers do not emit sound after a call is picked up by a Bluetooth headset.
        </li>
        <li>
          Corrects issue where the mini-SD is not recognized if it is inserted into the iPAQ Multimedia Messenger, then a file is accessed, then the mini-SD card is removed, and then the mini-SD card is re-inserted.
        </li>
      </ul>
      
      <p>
        <strong>Fixes the following issues for the Pocket Music application:</strong>
      </p>
      
      <ul>
        <li>
          Corrects issue with a Bluetooth stereo headset where the audio does not switch to the iPAQ Multimedia Messenger speakers after the headset is shut off.
        </li>
        <li>
          Corrects issue where the touchscreen is not responsive for five minutes after using the Pocket Music application to listen to a combination Bluetooth stereo/hands-free headset and accepting or placing a phone call with the headset.
        </li>
        <li>
          Corrects issue where noise can be heard after Suspending the iPAQ Multimedia Messenger and then resuming from Suspend mode.
        </li>
        <li>
          Corrects issue where noise can be heard when playing music if the equalizer function is enabled.
        </li>
        <li>
          Corrects issue where the iPAQ Multimedia Messenger performance is very slow when playing music with the equalizer function enabled.
        </li>
        <li>
          Corrects issue where distorted sound or music can be heard after ending a phone call during which the Pocket Music application is playing music.
        </li>
      </ul>
      
      <p>
        <strong>Fixes the following issues for Singapore Mobile Operators:</strong>
      </p>
      
      <ul>
        <li>
          M1: Changes Operator Names from &#8220;SGP-M1-3GSM&#8221; to &#8220;Me&#8221;.
        </li>
        <li>
          M1: Fixes issue where users are unable to dial the 171* service.
        </li>
        <li>
          M1: Updates MMS, Primary DNS, and Secondary DNS settings.
        </li>
        <li>
          M1: Updates the User Name for the Internet, Wireless Access Points (WAP), and MMS services.
        </li>
        <li>
          Singtel: Changes to use single Access Point Node (APN).
        </li>
      </ul>
      
      <p>
        <strong>Fixes the following issues for New Zealand Operators:</strong>
      </p>
      
      <ul>
        <li>
          Vodafone: Updates Operator settings.
        </li>
        <li>
          Vodafone: Updates the Internet APN Name.
        </li>
      </ul>
      
      <p>
        <strong>Fixes the following issue for Indonesian Operators:</strong>
      </p>
      
      <ul>
        <li>
          Telkomsel: Corrects the Gateway, APN, and Carrier names.
        </li>
      </ul>
    </td>
  </tr>
  
  <tr>
    <td>
      <font class="bold"><strong>Enhancements</strong> </font>
    </td>
  </tr>
  
  <tr>
    <td colspan="2">
      <ul>
        <li>
          Upgrades the Pocket Music application to Version 4.4.1.
        </li>
        <li>
          Updates Device Lock feature so only the Power button is able to &#8220;wake up&#8221; the iPAQ Multimedia Messenger. All other hardware buttons are disabled.
        </li>
        <li>
          Upgrades Cyberon Voice Commander to version 2.0.
        </li>
        <li>
          Enables the iPAQ Multimedia Messenger to automatically enter Suspend mode during a phone call, without interrupting the call.
        </li>
      </ul>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>