---
title: My 2015
comments: true
author: Noppanit Charassinvichai
layout: post
permalink: /2015/
categories:
  - Knowledges
tags:
  - 2015
---
I just want to take a break from writing about technical posts to just talk about myself a little bit. I&#8217;m inspired by Scott Muc&#8217;s [post][1] about his 2015 Resolutions. Before getting into 2015 I want to take a step back and review my 2014

## My 2014

  * I got the opportunity to work in Turkey as part of my consulting job with [ThoughtWorks][2]. I can count Turkey to be my 6th country I have lived and worked in. I used to work and live in Thailand, China, India, United Kingdom, Germany, Turkey.
  * Learned C#. C# is the first language I learnt at school when Windows Form was a big thing. I loved it but then the web took over and I felt in love with Java instead and never look back. The project in Turkey is C# so I got to relearn that again and I can say that I like it more than Java now. The language is nicer and more functional. I can do more stuff with less code.
  * Moved to the US.

## My 2015

### Move to the US and join Fusion

I decided to join [Fusion][3] and left my glamorous consulting job. Partly because of the city. I felt in love with New York City when I was there in 2013 for a conference and I thought it would be nice to live here. When the opportunity came I took it immediately. Now two months passed by and I still love the city and my job. Much to explore and lots of places to travel in the US. Fusion is also the first place I get to know what&#8217;s like to work remotely. I absolutely love it. I get to be anywhere and also do what I love which is coding. I will write another post about remote collaboration later. Fusion is a media company which is a new field that I haven&#8217;t explored before.

### Join Kollaboration

I join [Kollaboration][4] New York as a Technical Director because of my roommate [Tanner Chung][5]. Kollaboration is a non-profit organization that help and promote Asian American artists through entertainment. In this organization, I get to learn what&#8217;s like to be Asian American. I&#8217;m asian myself but I was born in Asia. So, I didn&#8217;t know the problems a lot of asian people living abroad having. 

## What I want to do in 2015

### Learn to invest 

Who doesn&#8217;t want to have money? I&#8217;m going to learn how to invest my saving and will keep posting the results. 

### Travel across America

When I was living in Europe, you can get to a lot of countries in just 2-3 hours but in America everywhere is so big and South American has always been my dream location. 

### Learn Spanish

My previous goal leads to this goal. I speak Thai, English and Mandarin. I learnt German before but didn&#8217;t really get anywhere. This year I&#8217;m going to learn Spanish and make it my fourth language. I love languages and it&#8217;s fun to talk to the locals and amazed them with their language. 

### Run a marathon

My friend Rajveer and [Srini][6] inspire me to running. I&#8217;m a chubby guy and I really want to get into shape. Running a marathon takes a lot out of you mentally and physically. I thought if I could do it at least for once, I&#8217;d accomplish something.

## Summary

I started off 2015 pretty good. I went to India for my friend&#8217;s wedding in Rajasthan. I went to US west coast to experience super cold whether. I learned PHP and WordPress and improved my JavaScript skills which I will continue doing that.

 [1]: http://scottmuc.com/my-resolutions-for-2015/ "Scott's 2015 Resolution"
 [2]: http://www.thoughtworks.com/ "ThougthWorks"
 [3]: http://fusion.net
 [4]: http://www.kollaborationnewyork.org "Kollaboration New York"
 [5]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/tannerchung "Tanner Chung"
 [6]: https://twitter.com/sragu